feat(na): Bump hugo to 0.122 & add Docker Compose file, update readme (#1330)
medic/cht-docs: README.md

## Build dependencies

> The documentation site uses [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) including the extended version of Hugo. Version v0.122 is used per (see #https://github.com/medic/cht-docs/issues/1302) as denoted in `.tool-versions` [file](https://github.com/medic/cht-docs/blob/main/.tool-versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation site uses the extended version of [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/). See the `.tool-versions` [file](https://github.com/medic/cht-docs/blob/main/.tool-versions) for the latest version of Hugo supported for these docs.
```

Hard-coding the actual version value here gives us another place to have to update when the supported version changes.  Seems better to just point folks to the `.tool-versions` file as the source of truth.

Author: natch 0a832ef1

To proceed, please choose one of the three options below of Docker, native packages or using `asdf` then proceed to ["Run Hugo" below](#run-hugo) to start your local instance.

### Docker

Running `hugo` locally using Docker is likely the easiest way to update the docs.  You only need to ensure you have [Docker and Docker compose installed](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

### Native packages

> If you'd like to install packages directly on your workstation, follow the [installation instructions for your Operating System](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/), and be sure to get the extended version. Most users will be able to simply install using their native package manager like `brew`, `apt` or `snap`.

Reviewer: Probably should also warn folks here that they need to be aware of the Hugo version they are installing (and if it matches the `.tool-versions`.

Author: yup yup!  Fixed in 685431f6

### `asdf` version manager

[asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/guide/getting-started.html) is another way to manage `hugo` and `golang` versions for local development.

After installing `asdf`, run:
```shell
asdf plugin add golang
asdf plugin add hugo
```

### Run Hugo

> For both native packages or `asdf`, you can start your local CHT Docs instance by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start your local CHT Docs instance by:
```

1. Clone the `cht-docs` repo
2. From the command line, navigate to the local directory where you cloned the repo
3. To start `hugo` run:
   * `hugo server` for `asdf` and native packages **OR**

>    * `docker compose up` for Docker compose

Reviewer: So, one downside to running via Docker Compose is that it will end up leaving a stopped container sitting on your host _forever_ (unless you manually remove it).  It is not a huge deal, but it seems like, out of politeness, we should provide instructions for how to delete the container.

Alternatively, we could suggest running the container via the `docker compose run --rm -it -p 1313:1313 hugo` command and then I think the container will be automatically removed when the command is stopped.

Author: yeah - love the ephemeral approach!  That said, testing it, I get ~20 second start up ever time for the `--rm` approach and only that on the first start for the vanila compose.  It's otherwise ~3 seconds on subsequent starts.  

I propose we keep it as I have, add an explicit name in the compose file and call out how to delete it.  Done in 21e999fc
